models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx80.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx90.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.sw.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vvd
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vmt
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_color.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_color.vtf
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_normal.vtf
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.mdl
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.dx80.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.dx90.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.sw.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_trees_snowpine_bb002.vvd
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_trees_snowpine001.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_trees_snowpine001.vmt
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_trees_snowpine001.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_trees_snowpine001.vtf
models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.mdl
models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.dx80.vtx
models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.dx90.vtx
models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.sw.vtx
models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz_pro/blu_spawn_roof_bb_02.vvd
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/metalroof_neutral001.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/metalroof_neutral001.vmt
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/metalroof_neutral001.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/metalroof_neutral001.vtf
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.mdl
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.dx80.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.dx90.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.phy
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.sw.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vvd
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vmt
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vtf
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vmt
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vtf
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01_normal.vtf
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01a.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01a.vmt
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.mdl
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.dx80.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.dx90.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.sw.vtx
models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_barnblitz/skybox_barn_bb002.vvd
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_barn_bb001.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_barn_bb001.vmt
materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_barn_bb001.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_barnblitz_pro/skybox_barn_bb001.vtf
materials/pl_barnblitz/overlay_skybox_shadows_bb2.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/pl_barnblitz/overlay_skybox_shadows_bb2.vmt
materials/pl_barnblitz/overlay_skybox_shadows_bb2.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/pl_barnblitz/overlay_skybox_shadows_bb2.vtf
